My topic today is about leadership style.To be honest,I’m not a leader in the company.In order to prepare this speech,i am going to share my thoughts about leadership of the other people.That is my boss ,i am learning from him.
He graduated from a very normal school,study not very well,and began his career as a sales man about 20 years ago,and now become a boss of factory with more than 100 employees.He is always smiling on his face ,and his leadership style is very flexible,he is a leader of result-oriented;he does not care about your daily work or daily performance.Even sometimes you are late for you work ,it does not matter, only if you can bring positive contribution for company development,you are the excellent employees in his eyes.

He is very sensitive about data and numbers; Because we’re doing international business,he is very clear about the daily currency rate and the bank rate.There was one time we went a business trip together to Japan,we did not expect that in Japan some vendors only accept cash,and we did not change some Japanese Yuan in advance,so we have to change some money via the ATM at the airport,when he noticed the rate on the ATM ,he immediately surprised that it’s much more expense than in the bank.His major was just English language in his college,and learn Germany by himself later,now he can communicate with customer in Germany.He also got his MBA degree after graduation,although he is very business.He read a lot of books,to gain the knowledge of finance and accounting,enterprises management and so on...
You can also become professional by reading books; I notice that those who are very successful have something in common:they read a lot of books.Even the richest man in the world, Bill Gates reads a lot,books means knowledge,means wealth indeed.
Reading also can help make friend with the same interest.There are WeChat group of reading,excellent members gather together to share the great books,just like Renia’s reading group. Everybody wants to make friends with excellent individuals.There is another advantage of study MBA,you can become classmate with excellent individuals.You are who you’re with.The 5 close friends around you decided who you are.
Back to my boss,he is very visionary.He always ask us to set goal for the future,short term goal for next 1 year,middle term goal for next 3 years and long term goal for next 5 years ;

The year 2019 is nearly coming to an end.Do you still remember the goal the you set for this year? Most of us have the resolution to achieve our goal for the coming new year.For example some of us may have decide that how many books they plan to read this year?And some of some may have decided to get a higher education degree ,to make some new friends and expand their social networking? And some of us may have decided that how much money they plan to earn this year? 

It’s easy to understand that all of us want to become better and more successful than before.
But how to become successful? I learn from a slogan,also learn from my boss.That is:if you want be successful,please keep it in mind that just Think BIG,B stands for books, I stands for individuals,excellent individuals,G stands for goals...
If you have the clear goal in your mind,you can overcome any obstacles by the knowledge in the books and learning from those excellent individuals around you,and you will definitely become more and more successful,just like my boss.Think big!Thank you. 
