With the development of smart phone and mobile internet technology,our daily life has become more and more convenient.Do you agree? For example:
You can order your meals with App like “饿了吗”or “美团” on your smart phone,and also you can use “叮咚买菜” to get your vegetables delivered to your house ,just tapping the screen of your smart phone. When Meituan company public listed in stock market in the year of 2018,the CEO Wangxing mentioned and thanks to Steven Jobs,because Steven Jobs bring the iPhone to the world and smart phone came into New Era since then.

Do you still remember the first cell phone you use when you were student in university? Do you remember the typical Nokia ? with the keypad? Nowadays the keypad on the cell phone has gone ,has disappeared as the photo shows.But how the phone works without the keypad? The answer is touch screen.

Normally the touch screen is combined with 2 glasses:protective glass on the top,and sensor glass on the bottom. The secret of smart phone is the sensor glass. There are 2 layers of special material which is ITO,attached both on the top of sensor glass and on the bottom of sensor glass.Do you know why there are 2 layers? Because the first layer is to identify the vertical coordination,and the second layer is to identify the horizontal coordination.So when you touch the screen,the sensor know exactly which point you’re touching!
Sometimes when your smart fall down and broken,but it can still work,just because the protective glass is broken,and the sensor glass not broken;

Have you experience that when you wearing glove,you cant operate your cell phone.But it works as soon as you take off the glove.Why? Because we connect with ground,and there is electric current inside the human body.When your finger touch the screen of your cell phone,the electric current on your finger will be absorbed,and then the coordination of your finger can be sensed by sensor.And the IC controller will collect and tell the coordination to the CPU,that is exactly how touch screen works.
What do you think the advantage of touch screen?
Compared with keypad,the touch screen has large space and support multi touch points:for you example you can zoom in or zoom out the photo,that’s because 2 fingers touch the screen at the same time.
Nowadays the application of touch screen is more and more popular:
For Small size:the smart phone,iPhone,iPad(4-10.1”)Middle size:ATM in the bank,the photo-me Machine in the subway stations,the vending machines(15”-32”)Large size:the interactive whiteboard for conference room and classroom(55”-86”)
The other example I want to share with you is the Facial recognition technology:
There is self-service ordering machine in the store of KFC,Burger King,McDonald.You do not need to wait in line to place your order.You can just come to self-service ordering machine to check the digital menu by touching the screen.There is a camera on the top of the screen,when your choose your food and confirm you order,the camera will scan you face,and your alipay account will pay the bill without input the password.It’s really convenient and can save a lot of time.(But you need to combine your face with your Alipay account ID )
Can you list some sample of touch screen in your daily life? Thank you!
